1.what's a smart box (Def,reason,FNB,process(smb>cit>centre de calcul/cash center>pwc))CIT:Cash in Transit
2.Four messages received by PwC
3.Integrity Checks
4.Business Validations

What's a SmartBox:

It is a South African product, designed and developed by FNB, a cash-acquiring 
device, that aims the cost efficiency, and sends  informative messages to the 
PowerCard about the cash drops, removals, and demands...

1.The merchant drops money in the SmartBox
2.The CIT transports the bags containing notes, coins and cash to the cash center 
3.The cash center counts the assets, and sends the value counted to PowerCard
4.PowerCard verifies the integrity, and sends a message back to the SmartBox


DROP:Generated by the device, contains the information related to each drop on the cash device.
REMOVAL:Whenever the CIT (Cash in Transit) remove a bag, this message is sent to PowerCARD.
VERIFICATION:When the cash center counts the physical bag, a signal is sent to PowerCARD to inform the system about the counted value in the bag.
DEMAND:A message sent by the device to trigger the settlement for SmartBox merchants that are on demand settlement option.


Rest API vs SOAP
SpringBOOT
TomCat vs. Apache HTTP Server
PostgreSQL vs MySQL
Angular vs react vs vue

Rest API:
APIs are built to handle your app’s payload. A payload is data sent over the internet, and when a payload is “heavy,” it requires more resources. REST tends to use HTTP 
and JSON, which lighten the payload. In addition a SOAP client usually needs third-party libraries to communicate with a SOAP API. In contrast, the only library you need to 
communicate with a REST API is normally the HTTP request libraries that come built into your programming language.

Springboot:
- no war files deployment
- Ability of creating standalone applications
- Tomcat is embedding
- No XML configuration
- Less code source
- It also doesn’t require an external application container. Spring Boot helps control and customize application components externally.
- Building applications with a microservices architecture. It speeds up the development and deployment processes by using intuitive default settings for unit and integration tests.

Tomcat:
-With SpringBoot, the default embedded server is Tomcat.

PostgreSQL:
-Postgres is an object-relational database, while MySQL is a purely relational database. This means that Postgres includes features like table inheritance and function overloading.
-Postgres handles concurrency better than MySQL (concurrency is the ability of different parts or units of a program, algorithm, or problem to be executed out-of-order or in partial order, without affecting the final outcome. This allows for parallel execution of the concurrent units, which can significantly improve overall speed of the execution in multi-processor and multi-core systems.)

Angular:
-Code style: Angular and VueJS use HTML, which means the code is reusable, react uses JSX which is based on the coexistence of html and js.
-Model: React and VueJS use Virtual DOM which is an abstraction layer as the browser DOM is not updated directly. Angular is based on the MVC pattern and manipulates the DOM directly. So, if you use Angular to build your applications, changes in your application update it directly.
        Easy maintainability when upgrading from a version to another, Angular upgrade automatically the packages.
        Well organized and structured in terms of components, modules and services.
        Automatising processes of the development, thnaks to CLI (command-line interface) (configuration d'initialisation)
        Angular utilise une liaison de données bidirectionnelle. Cela signifie que si vous modifie quelque chose dans l’interface utilisateur, cela se reforme aussi à l’autre bout dans une classe de composant. 

SSL (PCKA)
SpringSecurity
Embeddable/Embedded vs classId (composite primary key)
Gradle vs Maven